The project is evaluated according to four dimensions, with a score from 0 to 4. 
The four dimensions and their weights are:
- Core Components (30%)
- Desktop Components (30%)
- Microservices Components (20%)
- Project Setup and Build (20%)

The score is then converted in a scale from 0 to 10. You find below the corresponding values, last one being the grade. 

4	3	3	3	
8.3

CORE: Good definition of the metamodels, with good use of constraints. The generators have been implemented and are nicely organized. The scheduling algorithm is also ok. 

DESKTOP: Good job with Sirius, the graphical editor uses different features from Sirius, and it works. The Xtext editor works, but there is not much customization, and it is basically the grammar generated by the wizard. The UI controls have been implemented, but also they are not integrated with the rest. Overall it is however a good work, and I have three out of 4 on that. 

MICROSERVICES: The microservices components work, which is already good, because many had problems with it. The components do not look however integrated with the rest, and the EMF classes have been just moved to the OSGi project. The servlets also simply serve pre-existing generated files. It is a clever solution but it is a bit out of what was expected. 

SETUP: The organization of the repository is good and clean, and with good documentation. The naming conventions have been mostly followed. There was not much attempt at automating all the build process (especially for the EMF/plugins side); there are however repository and feature projects.

